1. Agent Discount three times a month - sometimes for non financing sales, 5% discount allowed + separate discount for three times months, cash discount, 5% and 7% discount, self discount and cash discount
2. package discount discussion
3. Appointment Booker Cost -> Lead Deduction for Weaver --> add Appointment booker cost -> $50 + $25 for extra product -> Goes to Grand Total Payout
4. Discuss with Ali about team payout calculation N/related
5. Outwrite payments for CCHS and Weaver
6. Undersold calculation review
7. Add Sales type and funding status,
8. For financing every calculations automatic, and for other cash and cheque manual
9. Technician Payout as like sales agent payout
10. Add product cost and Show free items
11. Remove the package discount.
12. Add payment status on financial breakdown 
13. Carry Forward Technique not resolved
14. Payroll part for weaver. payroll > commission -> payroll otherwise commission - manual doing for phase 2
15. Extra  expenditure carry forwards
16. Technician payout missing in technician breakdown
17. Insulation and package price, duct sealing product cost
18. For all discount, put it in breakdown not in total calculation
19. Package discount, Financing discount, Agent Discount


 Put label or note for reason to put status as ready to pay
 block to create audit ticket if they select no in sales order and if they create sent email to management notification
 Energy Audit Required, Type of Audit, Rebate Types all options, Number of Audit, -> add Inhouse Rebate(doesn't need Audit for this one)
 If Selected Rebate then only Audit Required -> item should be based on rebate type
 If Job is funded, then no option to change Sales Order
 deduct the lead deduction after, not all(he changed it last minute) travel and shipping, etc. should be deducted from commission not oversold, financing must be deducted form oversold
 FOR CCHS, Split amount to two manager, manager1, manager 2, 
 Deductions from old Jobs, say we took money from customer and job is cancelled we paid customer, but we need to deduct from Sales Agent
 Add pullout/escalation(pullout as sub type) to Job blueprint and ask question when it is pressed -> Ali list questions -> Cancel reason dropdown -> options, between 10 days of cooling period, no reason, Power Authority or Children cancelled, Who is managing it -> Sales Agent/Management
show job status, agent payment status, tech pay status, financial status in that widget
if customer refuse to pay -> legal and retention as options,
options to retention => offer discount, offer gift card, offer services free, offer free equipment, retention without cost,
popup for lost -> By legal, by escalation





All Customer information, sales order, sales type, financing information,
Plus button to go to work drive or Purchase Agreement
Breakdown for accounting


